docs: Content improvement in SMS OPT and Email OTP documentation (#5916)
wso2/docs-is: en/identity-server/next/docs/get-started/quick-start-guide.md

![IAM functionality]({{base_path}}/assets/img/get-started/iam-functionality.png)

> - **Unify sign-ins** - WSO2 IS provides single sign-on (SSO) so you do not maintain separate credentials for each application.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Unify sign-ins** - WSO2 Identity Server provides single sign-on (SSO) so you do not maintain separate credentials for each application.
```
